MTV-2167: Release notes for MTV 2.7.11 (#647)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/new-features-and-enhancements-2-7.adoc

* In {project-short} 2.7.0, warm migration is now based on RHEL 9 inheriting features and bug fixes.

// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2039 and https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2199
* In {project-short} 2.7.10, you can specify the `plan.spec.diskBus` which will be on all disks during the creation.
+
Possible options are:
* SCSI
* SATA
* VirtIO

[NOTE]
====

> Virtual machines (VMs) that are migrated in migration plans using the `diskBus:scsi` option fail to boot after migration as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual machines (VMs) that are migrated in migration plans by using the `diskBus:scsi` option fail to boot after migration as follows:
```
Style Guide

* All Windows VMs fail to boot.
* Some Linux VMs fail to boot.

> VMs that use the `plan.spec.diskBus:sata` and `plan.spec.diskBus:virtio` options boot after migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VMs that use the `plan.spec.diskBus:sata` and `plan.spec.diskBus:virtio` options successfully boot after migration.
```

====

// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2029

> * In {project-short} 2.7.11, you can now migrate shared disks from VMware vSphere by using the new parameter `migrateSharedDisks` in `Plan` CRs.

Author: That could mean that there was a `migrateSharedDisks` parameter that was replaced by a new one. 
Went with "a new parameter named..."

> * In {project-short} 2.7.11, you can now migrate shared disks from VMware vSphere by using the new parameter `migrateSharedDisks` in `Plan` CRs.

Reviewer 2: Nice :smile:

+
The parameter can be set to `true` or `false`:

** When set to `true,` {project-short} migrates all shared disks in the CR. 
** When set to `false`, {project-short} does not migrate the shared disks. 

[NOTE]
====

> This parameter applies only to cold migrations. Warm migration of shared disks is not supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`migrateSharedDisks` applies only to cold migrations. Warm migration of shared disks is not supported. 
```

* SCSI
* SATA
* VirtIO

// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2029
* In {project-short} 2.7.11, you can now migrate shared disks from VMware vSphere by using the new label `migrateSharedDisks` in `Plan` CRs.
+

> The label can be set to `true` or `false`:

Reviewer 3: hmm I would not use "label" maybe "attribute" or "parameter", the label has k8s meaning and don't want to confuse the users?

Author: Will do, but I've been using "label" in the CLI documentation. (!)  Sounds like we should talk about this term  for the user guide as a whole, but I'll only change this and the shared disk section for now.

> The label has the following effects, dependinng on its setting:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The label can be set to `true` or `false`.
```

Reviewer 4: We can consider simplifying the sentence as above. Also, there is a typo - depending. But I refactored the sentence to avoid using `depending`.

Author: @shdeshpa07  Good suggestion, which i will use, although there's no need to rewrite just because I made a typo :)

** When set to `true,` {project-short} migrates all shared disks in the CR. 

> ** When set to `false`, {project-short} does not migrate them. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
** When set to `false`, {project-short} does not migrate the shared disks. 
```

* SCSI
* SATA
* VirtIO

// https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2029

> * In {project-short} 2.7.11, you can now migrate shared disks from VMware vSphere by making use of the new `Plan` CR label `migrateSharedDisks`. When set to `true,` {project-short} migrates all shared disks in the CR. When set to `false`, {project-short} does not migrate them. The option applies only to cold migrations. Warm migration of shared disks is not supported. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* In {project-short} 2.7.11, you can now migrate shared disks from VMware vSphere by using the new `Plan` CR label `migrateSharedDisks`. 

* When set to `true,` {project-short} migrates all shared disks in the CR. 
* When set to `false`, {project-short} does not migrate them. 
[NOTE]
====
This label applies only to cold migrations. Warm migration of shared disks is not supported. 
====
```

- It is referred as label in the introduction, is it option or label? Use the same format for consistency.
- Add a statement to describe the following bullet points to explain the description of the parameter value.
- Suggesting to use admonition to highlight when it is not supported.

> * In {project-short} 2.7.11, you can now migrate shared disks from VMware vSphere by making use of the new `Plan` CR label `migrateSharedDisks`. When set to `true,` {project-short} migrates all shared disks in the CR. When set to `false`, {project-short} does not migrate them. The option applies only to cold migrations. Warm migration of shared disks is not supported. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* In {project-short} 2.7.11, you can now migrate shared disks from VMware vSphere by using the label `migrateSharedDisks` on the new `Plan` CR.  When set to `true,` {project-short} migrates all shared disks in the CR. When set to `false`, {project-short} does not migrate them. The option applies only to cold migrations. Warm migration of shared disks is not supported. 
```

Reviewer 4: +1 to splitting the true and false.
